okay we good I think we're good uh test
test test test all right
so all
right so this guy did it I watched this
video and we'll watch it again an inch
if you want but seems like a totally
insane way do this and then we're going
to put some threads on that so we're
going to go up here to our custom
features and hopefully you've already
got the thread Creator if not you want
to go to add custom features and add it
but you want to put the threads on there
you want to choose this it's a 388 now
we want to be a 3810 so we're going to
make this point1 make a pitch point
should make 3810 fully threaded okay so
you can see theeth on there so che check
at this point this is pretty much the
worm you need to do is may put a hole in
it for the motor or maybe another
connection so that it doesn't fall out
but we want so okay so we're just going
to do
this so basically what I'm trying to
figure out is in this design that we
have we
um we just use two Spur Gears and that
gives us like a 4 to1 gear ratio but but
I'm thinking like if we actually want to
make this thing work the only way to do
that is to get is to get the solenoid
onto this platform which means massively
increasing the amount of torque that
this motor needs to drive so I am
thinking
about it's going to take a lot of
rejiggering of things but basically the
naive thing is take this move it over
here
either you rotate this 90 degrees or you
use like another gear to do it I'm not
exactly sure
how how what's best so right now all I'm
going to do is build an an isolated part
where I can just play around with a a
worm gear so we're going to build a hub
um for the worm set screw so that you
can you can drive it um
yeah let me get a pen and just try to
get it on
paper see what we can do
here so it's
like motor
shaft and this can just be flush with
this thing
so here
is
the and I I I'm pretty sure if we just
match the pitch and the module we should
be it should mesh
right e
okay I'm pretty sure I can insert from
another document so I'm pretty sure I
can go create document form
drive and then I can uh
import
no can't I import from
another derived
maybe what
um dude you've got to be joking owned by
me hand okay there we go
I just want the
stepper n this is crazy something's
bugged
out let's see this works can I just
take this copy it copy to clipboard and
then just go over here and just paste
it now see this is insane because you oh
you can
only import a part Studio
you can't paste
it okay well
uh that's so annoying
actually but just
uh that's so lame bro what the hell okay
well if that's the
case damn okay wait hold on let's just
make a document specifically for the
stepper then no that because that
doesn't make any sense either so then
what do you want to do you want
to well let's just import that thing
so
derived select part Studio owned by me
pan tilt this thing is it this one or
this one I
forget wait why are there two wait no
these are both we want to we want to do
both we want this whole
thing and then we'll
say placement base origin locations
okay so the problem with this is I'm
pretty
sure so if we select this we select this
okay I don't really care about that at
the moment so now we just need to figure
out um
okay so I want a new part Studio where I
can
just uh well no okay let's uh so we're
going to sketch on here then we can use
this geometry right so if we create a
sketch on here and we take this and this
and we do use and then we click on this
and we click on this it's 31 so yeah
okay so what we want
is let's think about it
well let's just let me just do
this oh and then we don't get any of our
parameters maybe I'm just going to
actually go back to this we're just
going to have a mega a mono repo of a
project here so this is just
going to
be the Worm Drive
unfortunately can I do derived on my own
thing I just do
this okay cool
so what am I thinking of I'm thinking of
will you build a hub on
here okay so I actually don't even want
this
thing let's move this way over because
this is such a nonsense thing
let me delete
this this is going to be stepper
Notch diameter oh we can just make it 25
right let's just for consistency small
gear I thought we did make a parameter
for that what
happened this is the problem with when
the project grows you end up having like
so much random
crap what is it alt t
Okay
small so just look for
25s top mounting hole to x-axis
top
plate
me oh I know what that is that's not
what we
okay flywheel
depth flywheel de okay yeah so it looks
like we don't have any so we're going to
just do
small
gear Hub diameter
this is 25 and
unfortunately yeah unfortunately it's
kind of
like so when we did
this I mean the thing is this was
actually generated not by a uh Dimension
but by a tangency or coincidence or
something
so it's kind of
disconnected let's go to oh yeah okay
alt T it doesn't bring you to your
search which is really
annoying um but what are we looking for
here I think I just part studio right I
don't think I changed
it yeah so wait let's rename this this
is going to be
called Worm
Drive okay so here this is now uh small
gear Hub diameter
okay uh we want to make a
circle so we want to edit this make this
this is going to be
stepper uh
shaft
hole okay and then we just want to
extrude this probably by uh
stepper
shaft
height but the thing is is this is going
to be minus stepper Notch height cuz
this is going to be on the notch okay
then on here we can do our little
thing we don't really need to make it
this big but I I feel like I've been
just getting so hung up on getting it
right the first time
so I wish there was a program actually
it would be so nice to
it would be so nice to automate this
thing a custom feature that all it does
is builds
uh builds uh the set the
Hub so what what do you take it g it
takes a
face a cylinder's
face a cylinder's uh
Circle face I guess circular
face this is the input it takes
that and then I wonder if you take that
face
presumably you can check whether or not
it's a
circle maybe you have to give it an edge
but I feel like if I gave it this
selection then it should be able
to and then uh
yeah then you could provide um so this
is the first thing and the second thing
is maybe the
um the hexnut
dimensions and the uh depth that you
want to that you want to go and then
what's the the other thing the the
hexnut hex nut slash bolt
Dimensions because I I I have done this
exact set of features that I'm probably
going to do another hard code of like 15
times and it's just like so annoying all
right I'll show you guys this this thing
is so freaking annoying to do every
single time so what did we make this we
made this
22 all right so you make a sketch on
here you go like this you make a
construction line here then you make a
rectangle like this then oops we got a
tangency
there go go like this then this
Dimension is going to be M5 hexnut Flats
oh wait sorry this
depth
depth oh did it do something
weird no okay then this is going to be
uh
M5
flats this wait first off this is a q
Why didn't it Q oh it did this is not a
q we select this this and this we do
shift M midpoint that baby now what's
still undefined is the distance here so
we make this five and then that's all we
have to do now we have to extrude this
down it's a remove and it's going to be
a uh M5 whack okay we can just enter
that then we want to make a sketch on
here I'm want to rotate around here and
then we want to make a
circle where's that midpoint
is that there oh there it
is okay then this is going to be uh M5
hole and then you take this and then you
select like this it's like so
painful it's that you extrude this it's
uh it's
um second end position make this five
it's a remove you make this through all
I
think you need to just reverse
them okay then you make another sketch
on here I don't want a
normal now we need a uh
polygon we need to
get concentric here click click again
this this shift m okay now it's fully
constrained now you got to right click
again select other get this thing
right and then uh shift extrude and this
is going to be a remove and it's going
to be to a face and you're going to
select this face and then you're good
now you just have to do the mirror and
then you do feature mirror and then you
click on this thing this thing and this
thing and then you select the mirror
plane you click p and then you
select this and then you're good and now
we have the
Hub and
actually um so now I guess this is where
we could put the shaft in here it might
be a little low actually so then I don't
know nuts on the outside versus nuts on
the inside
I don't really
know
um we want to do it we want to do it
here so this so then what we need to do
is we just need to change
is it this
sketch I think it's this extrude depth
so instead of nine it's going to be
um
uh Notch to end of shaft so we're going
to go over
here wait let's search for
22 CU I'm pretty sure
so wait before we do this we're going to
select this face and this face should be
22 so what we need to goes back here
make a perimeter stepper Notch to shaft
end oh my gosh and this is 22 and then
we want to go back over here and then we
want to
make this Extrusion
stepper Notch to shaft and oh but we
don't want it to be 22 we actually want
it to
be
stepper
shaft height minus stepper Notch
height K I mean it's not going to change
but you might as well do it all right so
that's good now when we go to this
Extrusion it's going to be
uh stepper Notch 2 over
two it gives us a little bit more room
um I the one thing I'm worried about
here
is hold on
one thing I'm worried about here is
um yeah I wish it would just jump to
this cuz otherwise it's just like so
stupid um we need to look for the
stepper and we want to
know I think I probably have a parameter
for this
but nine okay
so uh let's look for
n stepper face to shaft Notch okay cool
it's so funny yeah you need a reverse
search because it's way easier to
remember the numbers than these long
names okay so this is this is what we
want so as long as that is
um so we need to go back now and we need
to go back to
worm
drive but the thing is the center of
this is going to be 12
down
[Music]
H so this is going to be faced inward so
the so the stepper
is faced up against this thing
I don't think we can do this I think
that this is uh not going to work
cuz where is the gear going to go and
where and how do we cuz this the motor
can't just be
freestanding so we're going to need like
an L bracket just like we have
in the real design
how are we going to do this
[Music]
or wait we can oh we can make this low
so this is not
here it depends on how long we want to
make this and how big we want to make
the
gear then you need you need is
here e
yeah okay so let's make a new part
studio um and I just want to sketch
maybe a top
view okay so we're going to
have
uh wait like
this uh this is going to be a
wall this is going to be the the
drive then the this one is actually
going to go out a little bit
more and then you're going to have a
you're going to have another wall
here
like like this and like this
and then the
gear is like here the gear is like above
this and we can make this longer right
we can make this out to here so that it
doesn't collide with this but but this
is going to be low this is probably only
going to be like 50 what is it 42 I
think tall but we can't have it
collide so we'll just just need to
figure that out and then here these
walls the purpose of these These are
going to be pretty
tall and I kind of want to make it just
all one part but then actually how do
you assemble
it you can't really do that because how
else how are you going to get the gear
into
it
um I guess what you could do is you
could print three parts you can make
like a dowel just like a cylindrical
rod D I think Danny Loom just posted
a hold on I think he posted
a wait this is just not him that's so
funny um he posted something
about
about uh like not using Fasteners or
something this is part 11 of building a
mini tabletop bowling lane it's kind of
like beer pong except literally not at
all and is instead bowling this week I
basically rebuilt the entire back end
the previous system worked pretty well
but I used a lot of Fasteners and nuts
in the assembly and I want to minimize
the amount of hardware needed to make it
cheaper for you guys to make in the end
last time I tried out these c clips on
the pin wheel and they work
super well so I basically redesigned the
whole system to incorporate that I'm
trying to use this c clips dude C okay
wait but can we just go back a couple of
frames actually can I view this as a
video this
part 11 of building a m and I want a
minim amount of hardware needed to make
it cheaper for you guys to make in the
end last time I tried out these
C let's see uh C clip shaft collar 3D
print ah bro that's bro that's so
Overkill dude why do I ever go to reddit
reddit is such
it's literally just a sea that
has to
deform this thing needs to take no
weight so I'm going to try that
out
um this is a super torky bike it's oh I
I've been so pissed off by this is a
super Tor bik design oh my God bro is so
cringe this the Bluetooth in my car is
just like so
bad okay
um do you have the
geometry the cad for the C
clip
um is it just slightly
SM uh smaller than
the
uh shaft diameter in
relies or do you add some geometry to
the
shaft
too
okay has someone already said
that dude he is so cracked at mechanical
design it's kind of
insane all right I think we can design
it ourselves but I I definitely don't
like having to like pull apart let's go
back to our
design I definitely okay so let's just
draw a rectangle that goes through here
so this is going to be like and we can
can we move this whole
thing whatever just undo this redo G all
right so let's do it like this so this
is going to be the
shaft I definitely hate and we're just
going to put two on the
outside so it's literally just going to
be a cylindrical Rod there's a gear
here
um okay so I think we and as long as the
module M okay let's just get started
now now I have an idea of what's going
on so let's make the um so we can copy
some geometry but I would rather just
start over
so this part let's see okay so we can
still Design This we're just going to
have to make some modifications to it by
basically making it 5 Ms
shorter so in this Extrusion we just
need to make
this minus wall I think we could
probably get away three four mil walls
but let's just do five so minus wall
just so because I have all the
parameters set
up oh but okay no that's that should be
fine the only problem is
here
uh it's Extrusion two this just needs to
be uh
stepper
2 minus
wall and then this just needs to
be over
two wait is that actually not deep
enough let's see what what is that
value
8.5 uh yeah we can't have it sticking
out so we need to actually make it M5
whack okay
that should be fine I mean honestly we
can make it deeper on the other side no
matter what we just I just wanted this
plane so that I know where the where the
shaft ends there's going to be a wall
here so let's just sketch on here now
and we can just start to build the Worm
Drive we're going to take this face and
let's see how how big should we make the
the maybe maybe this this will probably
have some good insights hi everyone
today we're going to be modeling a basic
worm gear set which you can use to
transmit power between non-intersecting
shafts and which allow you to achieve a
very high gear reduction ratio in a very
compact space now I'd like to start off
with modeling the worm and I'd like to
think of the worm here as a rack that
has been revolved around an axis so if I
revolve this rack profile around this
axis and make a new body I get something
that kind of looks like a worm the only
difference is that instead of these
teeth going around in circles I need
these teeth to go around in heles just
like with the racks we can make our worm
parametric so I've already set up the
parameters so we're going to use a
module of 2 mm the length I'm defining
in terms of how many teeth I want it to
be tall so that it'll be 10 teeth tall
pressure angle of 20 I want a worm with
four starts and I want the diameter of
the worm to be 40 mm the first thing I
want to do is model the Helix but before
I begin I'll create a new component and
call it worm and then I'll go into the
surface tools and create a new sketch on
this vertical plane here I hit Al for
line and I'll draw out a horizontal line
that will have a length of the diameter
of the worm divided by two and then
we'll draw out a vertical line that will
be the length of length the length in
teeth time the module time Pi so that's
again a lot like a rack that's the only
things we need in the SK so we can just
finish a sketch and then we'll sweep and
then it's going to be this profile along
this path here and now we need to enter
a Twist angle and that twist angle is
going to be the length so how many teeth
we want to advance divided by the number
of starts and that entire thing
multiplied by 360 so right now we want
to advance 10 teeth and we want to have
four starts so what you see now is that
this thing over here makes two and a
half turns and so if we have four of
these put together then we will have 10
turns in total so click okay on this and
that gives us this Surface body um and
it's not really this body per se that we
want the only thing that we really want
here is this helical Edge on the outside
the next thing I want to do is draw out
the tooth profile so I'll go back into
the solid workbench and create a sketch
on this vertical plane here and I'll
project the edge of the Helix into my
sketch because I want the tooth profile
to be centered on this end point here so
hit for line and just draw out a little
trapezoid and then I'll make this angle
equal to 90 minus the pressure Ang and
then I'll ensure that both sides of the
trapezoid are equal I'll add a vertical
line that will be the pitch line and
that line will be centered on the end
point of the Helix next the addendum is
going to be one time the module and the
Dum is
modu but here I'll take and modu because
I it to fully join up to the central
that add in a minute the last thing we
need to do is fix the length of this
thing which is going to be Pi * the
module / two now we can finish the
sketch and we have we can now sweep this
tooth so under create we go to sweep and
then the type here will be a path plus a
guide rail the profile is of course
going to be the tooth profile then make
sure that you have chain selection
disabled the path is going to be this
vertical line here and the guide rail
will be this outer Helix here and that
gives us a single start for our worm
gear so click okay then we can go into
the worm gear component and hide the
Surface body we don't need it anymore
and then we'll do a circular pattern of
type bodies this body around this
Central axis and then we want the number
of starts here so now I have four bodies
one body for each start the final thing
I'll do is create a sketch on the
horizontal PL here C for Circle and then
this will be the diameter minus 2 and2
time the module so that's just the inner
diameter generally speaking of a gear
finish sketch e for then we are going to
go two sides and then in One Direction
we will go the length measured again in
teeth plus 1 and that times the module *
pi so that ensures that we end up a
little bit above where the teeth end and
then in the other direction we will just
do the module times pi and then the
operation will be join and when we click
okay we see that all of the bodies are
now merged into a single body and with
that our worm gear is basically complete
just like the rack that we've made
before this worm gear Works rather well
with parameters so if I go into the
parameters and for example change the
module to 3 mm we see that we get a gear
with larger teeth and I can for example
change the length to be only 5 teeth
long and I can change the pressure angle
to 25 and then we see the tooth profile
change slightly unfortunately the same
is not true for the wheels those won't
really work with parameters
unfortunately so let me change this back
to the original vales and before we go
on to modeling the wheel I'd first like
to set up some helper components to help
us with the joints in a moment so I
activate the root component and create a
new component that I will call worm
shaft and then I'll create a sketch on
this horizontal plane here C for Circle
and then let's do 10 mm the dimensions
here don't really matter e for extrude
about that far up and then I will do an
ASU joint so I'll joint the worm to this
helper shaft and that will be a revolute
joint and I'll put the origin of the
joints down here and click okay and then
I'll take this worm shaft right click
ground it and the next thing we need is
another new component which we will call
the wheel
shaft and for that we'll create a sketch
on this vertical plank here so let me
find the
front C for Circle and then again 10 mm
it doesn't really matter and then the
horizontal distance from the center of
the worm to the center of the wheel is
going to be the diameter of the Worm
divid by two plus the pitch radius of
the wheel that we're about to make so
that's going to be the number of teeth
which is going to be 16 in this case
times the module and then because we
want the radius it's divided by
two so that gives us 36 mm here and then
for the vertical distance I'm going to
select um the length of the the worm
divide by two and that then needs to be
multiplied by the modle time pi and that
will put the shaft halfway up the height
of the worm so finish the sketch e for
extrud and then we are going for
symmetric with a whole length of 20 mm
click okay and then finally also this
other helper shaft right click ground
now the wheel in this case is just a he
here do the same we did video so add we
to the SP Gear mod with 16 teeth we're
going to select zero backlash because we
want to see how well our modeling method
works and we'll set the gear thickness
at 20 mm though it doesn't really matter
and we want no hole so click okay on
this and then we go in here and pick up
this SP gear and drag it out to the side
for a minute and then we activate this
gear and then we create a sketch on one
of these vertical planes we capture the
position because we don't want the gear
to fly back to where it came from and
then as before in video 3 p for project
project that in and then from the middle
we will go up by 20 mm finish the sketch
and then create sweep in this case it's
going to be a single path sweep just a
simple version so that profile along
this path and then we need to enter a
Twist angle to turn this into a helical
gear so let's go do some math to figure
out should be just like in video three
the easiest way to think about this is
to take a gear like this cut it open and
then lay it flat and in the case of a
worm gear what we get then is that we
have a single tooth during a single
rotation and in that single rotation it
will cover a horizontal distance here of
the diameter time Pi that's simply the
circumference of a circle and the
vertical distance that is covered is the
module times the number of starts time
pi and so if we want to know this Helix
angle here of this warm gear okay that
seems like Overkill honestly should we
just try to do what we are
doing uh so okay so we're sketching on
here we just want to draw a circle here
and let's just make
the does this matter does the diameter
matter I have no
idea does the diameter matter
I'm going to say no so let's just make
it
20 okay we're going to take this and
we're going to take that we're going to
extrude this and let's just say it's
like
um 50 some big ass
amount okay so then on
here you go thread
Creator pitch is two
number of
starts the problem is we need a wait can
we just do one
yeah what difference does that make that
that should be fine so we're going to do
this but now I really want to know how
you do an offset face here cuz I feel
like I didn't figure it out the last
time we did this move
face and we want this to just be the
other way around and it's 0.15
oh wait it did it there we go so now
it's oh wait but we I forget exactly how
we I forget exactly how we we we do this
in the other one but that should be fine
I don't know I don't really love that
but okay let's just say that we have
this is the worm
and uh let's get to building the frame I
guess so in
here we should be able to delete all of
this so just
uh so we're going to sketch on here
we're going to make a a
well we could do it from here so a
rectangle like this and then I I I don't
want to actually switch so this is just
going to be uh stepper
width okay and then just set these two
equal to each other and
then uh we might as well actually delete
this we're going to make this separ
width
stepper
width plus
wall and then do we want to do a counter
sunk thing if we want to mount this
somewhere I feel like I just want it to
be Standalone and I don't really want to
be bothered by that so now we're going
to make a line like this here this uh to
here is a
wall okay now we want to extrude both of
these by wall
okay and then on here we can redo this
line kind of mess that up to be quite
honest but whatever wait is
this is that wait that doesn't look
right okay I guess it
is okay and now we want to extrude this
by
uh by uh
by stepper width too oh this is actually
going to be the height but it can okay
wait so let me just okay so this is
going to be stepper
width and then we're going to want to do
that freaking geometry the pro okay the
problem about CAD is that once you have
a good number of Parts you end up doing
the same thing over and over again and
just like getting that D duplication
done is like kind of
annoying all right so we need to go back
to this sketch we need to change this to
actually be
stepper height plus
wall okay so the stepper fits in
there this goes to the top of it this is
going to have so we're going to make a
sketch on here normal we
want uh it should be in the midpoint
right so wait do we can we do our little
thing here
why are these
not dude
what wait
what
oh okay so now we want to draw a circle
on here make this uh step peer Notch
hole
oh okay then we want to make a
circle here and this is going to be um
stepper Mount
hole then uh we just need to make a oh
unfortunately the problem with the
uh the way that I did this
oops what is do
do
okay unfortunately I kind of did it oh
wait that's the midpoint of this whole
thing uh that's why we should have done
it on
here okay hold
on
e e
okay so let's just uh redo it because
this is all messed up
anyways so just uh like this okay cool
sketch on here normal okay now do we get
the
midpoint get this midpoint okay let's
just do our little thing the thing is
what you actually want in this case
because you're going to be dimensioning
off of them I guess is to do it like
this
um stepper Notch hole okay and then a
circle here this is going to be um Step
Mount ho diameter okay then here to
here is is um stepper I this
thing this it's like that and then can I
say that these are equal no so then I
have to do
stepper that okay then we do
um oh wait but then it mirrors that
feature so we actually want to do two
different extrudes or do we just want to
do oops or do we just want to I think we
just want to do a
circular pattern in here it's going to
be this
[Music]
around wait
what and it's four of
them okay then we just want to select
all
these extrude remove up to next okay so
that's
that
now we haven't really planned at all
for
um so actually in this sketch I probably
want to make
this plus 2 * wall
and then this is all good but now we're
going to draw a sketch on here and this
is going to
be so let's sketch on here and then
we're going to make
um wait let's just draw lines
instead okay
then we just want to extrude this so now
if we look at so wait let's rename this
to be
um worm
holder what did we make this we made
this
like
70 these don't need to go to the end of
that though right
they do need to be high up
though and do we want to
actually give it a
floor oh and do we also want to have
maybe a
uh
no there shouldn't be any vertical Force
pressing down on the
yeah okay so let's just get it
done I think we really don't need
um the floor so we're just going to
extrude this by like 70 that's a lot we
don't need it to be 70 need to be like
50 right because it just needs to hold
the center of the thing the only thing
is we need to um
you need to
uh we need to extrude this up probably
by
like o this needs to be farther out
because otherwise it's going to hit this
thing what we could do actually
is just remove a bunch of this we could
just EXT I wonder can I just extrude
this
remove uh and then what is this going to
be this going to be stepper width over
two then it's just going to sit in there
and we have two I feel like that's way
kind of clean
design all right can we make an assembly
file for this just so we can start to
see what's up
worm Mass okay we're going to insert
the Worm
Drive we're going to insert the
worm
folder and we're going to insert a
stepper
okay so uh let's get this out of here
let just do it this way so we're going
to that
guy
to H see that
guy flip it around
reorient
okay and then
um we're going to take this and this is
going to be the fixed part we're just
going to take this and drop drag it out
of here then we are going to take
this and made it
to oh we don't get that Circle anymore
though that's kind of but actually no
but we don't even want that we need this
to be oh wait what is the diameter of
this this is 25 and this
is see that's the problem with doing
that extrude is that it destroys the
fact that this was at one point a circle
see there we get the radius wait is that
interfering
no so that's yeah that's
23 and that's
25 okay so this just needs to go come
out or come back actually so we're going
to M
this to here and then we just need to
offset and it's in what direction it's
in the Z Direction by wait first we need
to flip this around and we need to Z
by
stepper Notch to shaft
end oh no no no stepper shaft
height minus wall
and then it turns good stuff
okay so I kind of
okay I kind of hate this I want to do uh
so the worm holder we are just going to
change
in this sketch instead of this we're
just going to make this
26 and then we are going to
change this thing so what is it this
mate so this mate just needs to come all
the way back so this is just going to be
stepper shaft
height wait no no no no no
no
stepper uh Notch to shaft
in there we
go and I really have always wanted to
make this counter sunk but like I don't
know man doing doing stuff on curved
surfaces makes everything way harder
um all right so that's nice and this
turns
still we just need to
make
this sketch
sketch sketch which sketch it's it's got
to be this
sketch oh it's the
Extrusion right it's kind of weird how
you how I did that I feel like it would
be way more natural to go from top top
view
wait
okay we need to add the the
gear okay so what we want to do now is
okay to figure out the placement of this
thing we sort of want to
know okay wa so it's going to
be
stepper w/ 2
plus
um uh worm gear
dim
okay uh and so that so then so this is
the outer Max is equal to Outer Max
height
worm so then that means that
the
gear the gear Center
height is equal to Outer
Max Plus gear or spur
gear PD over two so we just now need to
decide on how big of a gear we want to
make
okay so let's just make a new part
studio and this is going to be the worm
wheel worm wheel and then we just want
to do
gear and this depth is five is good I
like that the module is two the pitch
diameter
the pitch diameter let
5050 should 75 maybe
oh yeah we can't yeah
okay
80 okay and then let's just prematurely
do a0 2 just so I don't forget um on the
backlash so that's pretty much all we
need we can do
hole where's the
hole center
boore uh 10 sounds good
actually let's do
10.4 and then I want to I want to do
those c clips we still have to do the c
clips so too is the C
Clip Clips shaft
Clips dude I really like those that's
such a good that's such a good good uh
can we get a frame look on
that last time I tried out these c clips
on the pin wheel and they work super
well so I basically redesigned the whole
system to incorporate though I'm trying
it looks like there is something though
right dude this thing about this is
period and comma don't work so
dumb
bro it doesn't work on the
shorts imagine being a software
engineer that would
suck oh oh my God this is three ways 3D
printing improve my apartment I needed
watch it be the wrong link obviously the
wrong
link imagine being a software engineer
in
2024 I would hate my life to incorporate
them
okay don't scroll don't scroll don't
scroll
okay oh God damn it this is part 11
of building a mini tabletop bowling lane
it's kind of like beer pong wait why
don't I just download the video this
will it even let me zoom in I might have
to screenshot
it bro what the
wait oh wow he
responded it's not slightly smaller if
you imagine exact half of a circle go
slight L past
that so the plastic has to bend and
snap right okay that's
helpful dude he responded to me it's a
deep purple 1337 that's so
funny but okay wait but I he didn't
answer the fact of whether or not
this is part 11 basically what so I
basically redesigned the whole system to
do you see that how do I zoom in
[Music]
bro dude it doesn't let me zoom in
literally so
stupid yeah I want to I want to I want
to oh God so
stupid do you see that okay see okay
that's kind of special
yeah I get it okay so it has a little
hammer it has a little like hammerhead
shark I don't know how to describe it
but the it indents so that when it snaps
around it it
like so just to sketch it
so um
right okay so what we're going to have
to do so it's so the
okay so
the Cross Beam the thing that holds the
gear in place is going to have a a
little bit of extra geometry so we we'll
get to that in a second so we're
actually getting kind of close to it so
now
here how do we want to do this should we
just do okay should we just
um okay so uh so we decided on the uh
the pitch diameter which is 80 M so GPD
is equal to 80 so that means that the
height of this hole needs to
be
uh dude I wish that I could just pull up
like an expression calculator but that
has all my variables I guess the fastest
way to do that is to just make a
[Music]
um is to just make a
um okay so this is going to be um oh
backspace bro I'm dumb okay I don't need
to click one every time if I do this I
just go back no wait you do have to all
right whatever the
expression input here is so bad it's
crazy so stepper width over two
plus the worm gear diameter which is I
believe 20 so this is going to be
10 okay so it's that plus
40 oh my God bro there's such sticklers
for this thing and they make the input
so bad dude it's like on shape is like
almost good but it's not okay so this is
the the magic number so we're going to
copy this and make this a
variable so this is going to be the
um that's so cool that he responded
right Danny l so high I feel he's got to
be in California there's no way he's not
in California
I don't know maybe maybe he's not in
California but I feel like he's got to
be in California so so this is going to
be the um so wait let's get the sub
expression down we want the
um worm gear
diameter the worm gear diameter that
that's pretty self-explanatory we're
going to set that to 20 and then we're
going to we'll go back in and fix it in
a second then
um we want
the uh
yeah let's just
say uh okay let's just say gear worm
gear worm spur
gear should I say wheel I I'll just say
spur because I feel like I know that
word better worm spur gear Center Height
this is going to
be stepper oh wait
wall this is from the ground wall Plus
stepper W oops stepper W over
two
plus
40 dude what I swear this thing is the
worst bro it's
like oh my God my my my guy you're
killing me I want to like this program
but it sucks so much
wait we forgot
something this needs to be plus worm
gear diameter over
two okay 76 I think that's what we had
in the other guy so now we just need to
go
to here let's undo
this and I just hardcoded the 40 because
I really don't care but uh
this oh why is it so slow
though so it's this sketch and this
needs to be worm gear diameter because
we might want to change that
later the thread Creator is so
slow I've also never actually printed
gears from on shape because wait have
I no I've printed gears but I've never
printed
threads okay so now we just need to make
this
thing we need to take these
two so wait what is their height right
now it's
47 yeah right it's wall plus stepper
whip so what is so we're going to
extrude this by
uh it's going to be what is it gear
Center worm gear spur Center minus wall
plus oh my gosh see that's what I'm
saying plus stepper
width I believe that's it
right no wait we we need to reverse this
wait what is going on
here oh wait we did something silly we
need to
fix there we
go okay but then we want to add a little
bit extra right so let's just do like uh
+
millimeters they are such SAS
they are such
SAS um um okay so let's just make the
sketch on the
outside okay so now we want to draw a
circle here and we want to say that it's
at
the midpoint this diameter is going to
be uh uh
10.4 okay then the uh the distance from
the top we're going to do from the
distance from the bottom and this is
going to be step uh uh gear
Center and and then uh we just need to
uh ex why can't I bro what the
hell what the hell bro okay so now we
want to go
remove through
all direction we want to go both ways
though
okay now I think we're ready to um try
to design the C clip and the
uh the thing the real question is
whether or not this gear is this the
center I feel like there's no way that's
the
center let's try to let's try to add the
um let's try to add the uh worm
wheel uh let's just get it out here
we're going to mate this
with
that okay but we need to offset by
Z by what is the distance steper width
over two
probably okay and then I want a section
view because there there is no way
that's right that doesn't that is so
wrong it's
crazy why is it so wrong though
oh
damn that's so annoying
bro that's so lame okay let's do a
section View and we can see how bad it
really is we want to look at this then
we want to go that's that's good
enough so first off you can see it's
digging into the thing so there's some
calculation that's like totally
wrong um
I don't know why because the module is
two here which means
that what is the module the module is
the oh sick
picture Okay so the module
is the pitch over
Pi pitch times Z over
Pi yeah right module yeah that's what
okay the module times the number of gear
to teeth equals the pitch
diameter the pitch diameter okay
I'm hungry me make some food
okay so what is it that we have wrong
here we need to make sure these things
mesh otherwise it's just not going to
work oh wait what is that is that
interference is red red has got to be
interference
it's because we pulled it
back oh well I'm glad I looked at
this so we could either increase the Hub
depth which I'd rather not do
or we just go to the Worm Drive and we
take this face and we just extrude it
remove by five by wall oh no no is it
wall we want it to be three actually we
do it by three and then we go back to
worm
ass I
guess I don't know why though it should
that should be good oh and actually you
can see here wait can we take the dude I
wish there was a better way to like go
to edit the section
view it's just like
lame okay where can can we see it
oh it's because the rotation actually
that's why it is but um right so if we
do this and then we rotate can we rotate
it while
it's okay that's pretty
good okay so if you see
this see that that's no good so we need
to
actually
increase
the depth of that so is that is that
this minus
wall just if we just just add two to it
is it going to work out or are we
screwing
ourselves just Add 3
mm dude that thread Creator is so
slow especially with the move
face okay so let's look at worm Mas
again all right so now we
have a little bit of room there I
actually don't want any room but it
doesn't I don't really care
enough yeah so look at that there the
red is definitely interference so what
we need to
do is go to the Worm Drive and look at
this
the pitch is two
though what does that
mean from
oh I wonder if there's a feature I mean
they're all helical so I won't be able
to
really tell
um with in half so that we get the teeth
so that we can then make the worm here
okay so to do that we're going to use
our split tool okay which is right here
called split we're going to click that
parts of surfaces split while we're just
going to choose this dude right here
entity to split withd I'm going to
choose the right plane and then I'm
going green check mark I have two okay
so I'm go over here left hand side I'm
going go down here at the bottom and I'm
going to hide part one I'm click on the
so it goes away I'm then going to put a
sketch on that okay and all we need to
do here is we basically just need one to
okay and maybe a valley but so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to project use
or project and I'm going to come in here
and I'm going to choose um the lines
that make
up the valley and then one full tooth
okay and green check mark that and then
I'm GNA come over here and I'm GNA right
click copy sketch all right I'm then
going to add a new part
Studio put a on here on the right plane
I'm going to draw one inch circle it
doesn't have to be one inch but you can
you can make it bigger if you want just
bigger you make it I got to make some
breakfast I'm freaking
starving okay I feel like we're getting
close I just hit a wall that's it but I
feel like we're actually kind of close I
mean if you look at
this it's sort of there generally
position
wise it is a little frustrating though
that um
in general that it's just not easier to
make
like
um these kind of mechanisms
like again it's one of those things it's
easy to specify and then super hard to
like implement but it's like why is it
hard to implement I don't
understand like
cuz if you look at
this let's see it's like
one
two
three like three and some change of
Peaks for one of these
teeth oh is it just by pi the pitch just
needs to be multiplied by pi I think can
I do that
is that am I am I am I crazy is that
just like a random guess or is that for
real first off I want to I want to just
move this out and move this back CU I
don't really want to deal with that at
the moment I want the nice faces and
then here this pitch is going to be two
and then I think I should be able to
just do pi times
two see that oh that looks pretty good
so wait can we take this fasten and
actually say that it's not uh fasten but
it's a
revolute
okay it's a little it's a little low
right
let's see what happens if we
take I believe what you have to do is
you have to go here and then you have to
do this and
animate oh that's so great yeah that's
exactly what we
want we just want to flip the
direction okay cool
um yeah but it's not meshing well enough
I wonder why the math is
wrong the height of this thing from the
very bottom is going to be
wall is
wall
plus stepper width over two
plus the uh the worm gear diameter or
radius
um so this so this is the top so that
should be that so if we were to end this
we just
take that's it's going to be hard to
measure that I don't I don't really know
how you measure
that I'm also curious to see how we're
going to print this we could try to
print it from this face
Maybe kind of looks like that has a
taper but I don't really care about the
taper is that
no
okay
e for
okay uh maybe we should just print this
all right so we're going to do a
new thing and this is going to be called
the uh this is going to be called
the
worm
spur uh Cross Beam or whatever so this
is going to be pretty easy I think so
let's just uh how do we want to do this
do we want to just start with a
cylinder or do we no let's do the hard
part first so we're going to do this
we're going to
make okay so we're going to make
this
10 we're going to extrude this by
like
three then we're going to sketch on here
and we're going to make
this like eight and we're going to
extrude this by
like
three then we're going to sketch on
here and we're going to extrude
we have it
all
no extrude this and yeah this is going
to be like so what is the distance it's
uh it's going to be
so we probably want like three there so
it's going to be
like three
plus wall plus stepper stepper width
Plus Wall + 3 so 6 + 10 plus stepper
width okay so this is going to be 2 *
wall plus 6 2 * 3 we'll say that
plus wait do we actually want that wait
I'm trying to figure
out uh how do we want this maybe we want
the it if we do it right we could
probably actually
do
um you make this 12 you make that
10 all right how about that so we go to
this first sketch we make this 12
we make this
10 and then we can just keep this going
all the way to so this is going to
be uh and it's going to be zero but
we're going to give it 04 so it's do 4 *
2 + 2 * wall plus
stepper
width wait but actually we don't even
want to do this
because
um we kind of want this whole thing over
too and then we're just going to mirror
it on the
top bro what oh there we go so we want
this over two okay then we're going to
make a
um plane
this
whole yeah that's fine add mirror plane
this oops not that
plane
H uh we can just do
this merge scope part one like
that no wait but you can't do that
yeah that's not going to work I don't
know what the hell I'm talking
about you can maybe do it one-sided but
that's kind of dumb so instead what
we're going to do is it's going to be 10
and then go to
eight and then the the width of the
C the outer diameter of the C is going
to be
12 and then it's going to go back to 10
and then here's the
wall so you have the
wall okay so let's do that so we're
going to switch it back up so this is
10 this is
eight okay and then how high did we
extrude this by three that's
fine and then this
extrude wait
what I'm not sure what happened there
wait let's look at this
sketch oh wait maybe we just have to
select the faces
properly oh yeah because it was
okay this has that formula
still okay that seems right so now what
we need to do is add
that so we're going to delete so let's
turn off section
view we're going to delete um well we
don't have to delete it so this is going
to be the Cross Beam
okay we want to
mate yeah this
Center
to here
right oh that's the
08 if we do let's test if that's
08 wait what the hell is going on
here this face and this face point8 okay
so we just need to change this Fastener
to be have an offset of Z of what4
I don't really care about the mate so oh
wait but
actually uh this doesn't work
because nothing is preventing this from
slipping
[Music]
I forgot to I forgot to show you guys
this so I'm trying to so we have the
hopper so here's the hopper
we printed this yesterday I haven't I
haven't actually assembled it I was try
I was hoping to do it today but I'm not
going to be able to do it today
um but then we need something for this
Outlet there's a hole at the bottom
here and I bought this big ass tube at
Home
Depot and it's it's the only thing I
could find with like a 1 in inner
diameter so
so everything else that I got was bigger
and like way too thick to flex like
we're going to need it to flex as the
thing moves up and down what's
up
e
e e